Move /api-overview page content to appropriate location in /core-okta-api (#2459)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/reference/api/zones/index.md

Lists all Zones that match the filter criteria

This operation requires [URL encoding](/docs/reference/core-okta-api/#filter). For example, `filter=(id eq "nzoul0wf9jyb8xwZm0g3" or id eq "nzoul1MxmGN18NDQT0g3")` is encoded as `filter=%28id+eq+%22nzoul0wf9jyb8xwZm0g3%22+or+id+eq+%22nzoul1MxmGN18NDQT0g3%22%29`.

> We support filtering on the `id` and `usage` properties. See [Filtering](/docs/reference/core-okta-api/#filter) for more information about the expressions used in filtering.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We support filtering on the `id` and `usage` properties. See [Filtering](/docs/reference/core-okta-api/#filter) for more information on the expressions that are used in filtering.
```
